Update docker-and-private-modules.mdx (#103)
npm/documentation: content/integrations/integrating-npm-with-external-services/docker-and-private-modules.mdx

  - /private-modules/docker-and-private-modules
---

> To install private npm packages in a Docker container, you will need to use [Docker build secrets](https://medium.com/learnwithrahul/securely-using-npm-credentials-with-docker-f38b43bdb7c1).

Reviewer: Can we link to docker's official documentation here rather than a 3rd party blog?

I found https://docs.docker.com/engine/swarm/secrets/, but unsure if it is correct

Author: Committed the suggestion - thanks!

Author: I actually think this would be a better reference link 
```suggestion
To install private npm packages in a Docker container, you will need to use [Docker build secrets](https://docs.docker.com/develop/develop-images/build_enhancements/#new-docker-build-secret-information).
```

RUN npm install

# Add your source files
COPY . .
CMD npm start
```

Which will use the official [Node.js](https://hub.docker.com/_/node) image, copy the `package.json` into our container, installs dependencies, copies the source files and runs the start command as specified in the `package.json`.

In order to install private packages, you may think that we could just add a line before we run `npm install`, using the [ENV parameter](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#env):

```docker
ENV NPM_TOKEN=00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
```

However, this doesn't work as you would expect, because you want the npm install to occur when you run `docker build`, and in this instance, `ENV` variables aren't used, they are set for runtime only.

Instead of run-time variables, you must use Docker build secrets.

## Update the Dockerfile

The Dockerfile that takes advantage of this has a few more lines in it than the earlier example that allows us to use your global `.npmrc` and the access token created when running `npm login` command (if you haven't run it already - do so before moving on).

```dockerfile
# https://docs.npmjs.com/docker-and-private-modules

> FROM node:14

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FROM node:16
```

ENV APP_HOME="/app"

WORKDIR ${APP_HOME}

COPY package*.json ${APP_HOME}/

> RUN --mount=type=secret,id=npm,target=/root/.npmrc npm install

Reviewer: in this example you are looking for `/root/.npmrc` correct? On most system the `.npmrc` is going to found in `~/.npmrc`.

Will this above command work for those installations out of the box?

Author: > in this example you are looking for `/root/.npmrc` correct?

Yes, that's true.

I've only tested it on macOS and 
```ts
RUN --mount=type=secret,id=npmrc,target=~/.npmrc npm install
``` 
does not work.

AFAIA `/root/.npmrc` will resolve to `~/.npmrc` regardless of your operating system.

```ts
RUN --mount=type=secret,id=npmrc,target=.npmrc npm install
```
will also work and will take your `.npmrc` at the root if the local `.npmrc` is not present. 

Given that we want people to use the `.npmrc` at the root (`~`) where their npm token - generated with `npm login` - is, I think 
```ts
RUN --mount=type=secret,id=npmrc,target=/root/.npmrc npm install
```
is the way to go as it will force people to use the token generated with `npm login` and will not allow for silly behaviour when someone creates a local `.npmrc` and commits their npm token to the repo.

COPY . ${APP_HOME}/

CMD npm start

```

This will configure your Dockerfile to receive `.npmrc` file via build secrets, that will leave no trace after npm dependency installation is done.

## Build the Docker image

To build the image using the above Dockerfile and the npm authentication token, you can run the following command. Note the `.` at the end to give `docker build` the current directory as an argument.

```shell

> docker build . -t secure-app-secrets:1.0 --secret id=npm,src=$HOME/.npmrc

Reviewer: should we be encouraging folks to be using their $HOME/.npmrc? I'd imagine they might be managing secrets specific for this deployment 🤔. In particular they might want to use a read-only token or automation token rather than the "full access" token that is used by default when logged in. This could also cause additional complications if 2FA is enabled on the account.

> docker build . -t secure-app-secrets:1.0 --secret id=npmrc,src=$HOME/.npmrc

Author: @MylesBorins might have been a bad blunter but I've changed the `id` on the `docker build` command as well. We could reverse it back to `npm` or something else but I think `npmrc` might make a bit more sense?

```

> This will build the Docker image with the access token coming from your global `.npmrc` file received via build secrets, so you can run `npm install` inside your container as the current logged-in user.

Reviewer: Again I think we should encourage folks to generate an access token for this use case rather than using the default token for an active CLI session

This will build the Docker image with the current `NPM_TOKEN` environment variable, so you can run `npm install` inside your container as the current logged-in user.

To set your `NPM_TOKEN` environment varible run `export NPM_TOKEN="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"` and pass your npm access token instead of `0`s.

<Note>
  

> **Note:** After setting your `NPM_TOKEN` environment variable remember to clean your terminal history. You can do it with `history -c` command for `bash` and `history -p` for `zsh`.

Reviewer 2: This is a dangerous command to be blindly recommending; terminal history is important.

Author: Hey @ljharb could you please give some examples of when it's important? I'm not opposing. I'm genuinely interested.

Author: It's me again @ljharb I've updated the PR as I think my current PR does not solve the issue but I've outlined a solution which I think might be what we need.
